seven ways for your co-workers to help
you with your marketing do you have
co-workers if so great because i'm going
to teach you how to leverage them for
more traffic and if you don't have
co-workers no worries you can use your
friends instead here are seven simple
strategies to get your co-workers to
help you with your marketing now before
i dive into them let me tell you these
strategies work i have over 700 plus
employees and i use them the issue with
having co-workers help you with your
marketing is people forget to keep using
the tactics i'm about to give you in
other words doing them once or twice is
great but if your co-workers and
colleagues don't continually do them
each and every single week it's not
going to work as well and you got to
continually remind them so strategy
number one ask your team for social love
whenever your company posts on the
social web ask your team to give you
some love whether it's a like a share it
all helps but what works really really
well is comments it works better than a
like or share see comments take more
efforts to leave than let's say a like
or share so every time that you're
posting something on the social web that
is promoting your content or your
website ask people to help you out
socially the more engaging their
comments are the better that story that
post whatever you're posting will do as
that impacts the algorithm more than
anything else
the way i get my employees engaged is
through our internal communication
channels like slack or microsoft teams
and if you post in there on those
communication held it's easier to get
other people within the company to help
you out strategy two
have your team talk about your company
everyone these days has social profiles
such as linkedin or facebook or twitter
or even instagram
when they do cool stuff at work they
should share it
when they have a friend who should buy
your product or service let them
recommend it the more people that they
can send your way the better if you want
to create a referral program to
encourage your employees even better
it's a great way to incentivize them
think of this as another version of
affiliate program strategy three let
your employees use company time to
become brand ambassadors from going to
conferences to local events or even
speaking events the more brand
ambassadors you have the better it's a
great way for the company's name to get
out there and it's a win-win both for
you and the employee just think about it
which one of your employees wouldn't
love to go to event and travel on the
company's not a lot of them would love
to
you can set up rules such as you have to
speak at the event to go and of course
they had to promote the company you'll
find that this creates an environment
where people within your organization
start applying to speak at events
strategy 4 ask your employees to blog as
they say content is king the more
amazing content you have on your blog
the better and google loves content from
industry experts so if anyone on your
team wants to volunteer and write on
their free time that's great because
it'll help you get more traffic plus
that content is going to be higher
quality from a data and educational or
even thought leadership perspective
because it's from an industry expert
you may need to have a part-time editor
help you
and your internal team to edit whatever
content they write and spruce it up but
you can usually find these people on pro
blogger or upper
strategy five give them schwag they will
actually use you see billboards
everywhere because they work it's great
branding short run not the biggest roi
long run it can provide amazing roi just
like billboards you can turn your
employees into one as well by giving
them schwag they love and they want to
wear they will turn into walking
billboard it's a great strategy and
works so well other people will ask your
employees for the swag as well assuming
your swag looks cool
strategy six have them leave reviews not
all platforms will allow this but for
the ones that do have your employees
leave reviews the reviews should only be
left if they use your product or service
and they should be honest the more
reviews you have the more sales you'll
generate people love reviews according
to findsack 95 of consumers read reviews
before they buy so every extra one
really adds up assuming they're good
strategy seven embed marketing into your
culture this one may sound silly but the
hardest part about getting your team to
market the company is getting them to
care and want to do it if it's part of
your culture and everyone does it and
embrace it and loves it you are more
likely to keep doing well it's a big
part because in most companies you'll
find that people just stop helping
others with their marketing over time
but the companies with strong culture
that have emphasis on helping them
market the company
their team will keep pushing forward
now if you need help with your marketing
you can always reach out to my ad agency
np digital if you enjoy the video like
it share it tell people about it have
any questions leave a comment below i'm
here to help